Miss, are you still there?
Are you Xiaoya?
Miss, I'm here to save you
You'll break the socket in the house later.
Short the wires
Then use the new phone card to call the property owner
Let them check
Then let them rescue you
Ok ok
Miss, please keep it a secret for me.
Xiaoya, don't worry.
I will never avenge my kindness
My coat is in the bag on the right side of the lady's door
You come out and remember to dress
There's still a thousand dollars in it
You keep it for emergencies
Xiaoya, when I find my mother, I will definitely double it back to you.
Come out and leave quickly
Everyone in this room is evil
Only you treat me sincerely
Go away and don't come back
Don't come back
Hello, property?
The basement light seems to be broken
Hurry up and find someone to fix it
Yeah, OK.
Don't say please
Thanks.
Miss, hurry up in this life, mom
I'll find you right away